Add OpenAPI for the Anchor Platform (#101)
stellar/stellar-docs: ap_api/resources/get-quote.api.mdx

---
id: get-quote
title: "Fetch a single quote provided to a client application."
description: "Only relevant for SEP-38 (used by SEP-31). Fetches the quote that ascreated by a client application using SEP-38's `POST /quote` endpoint."
sidebar_label: "Fetch a single quote provided to a client application."
hide_title: true
hide_table_of_contents: true

> api: {"tags":["Quotes"],"operationId":"getQuote","description":"Only relevant for SEP-38 (used by SEP-31). Fetches the quote that ascreated by a client application using SEP-38's `POST /quote` endpoint.","parameters":[{"in":"path","name":"id","description":"The ID returned as a result of creating the quote via SEP-38's `POST /quote` endpoint.","schema":{"type":"string"},"required":true}],"responses":{"200":{"description":"Success","content":{"application/json":{"schema":{"type":"object","properties":{"id":{"type":"string"},"sell_amount":{"type":"string"},"sell_asset":{"type":"string"},"buy_amount":{"type":"string"},"buy_asset":{"type":"string"},"expires_at":{"type":"string","format":"date-time"},"price":{"type":"string"},"total_price":{"type":"string"},"creator":{"type":"object","description":"StellarId's are objects that identify end-users and SEP-31 Sending Anchors, but not SEP-31 Receiving Anchors.\n\nFor a SEP-12 customer, the `id` field should be sufficient to fully identify the customer in the Anchor Backend.\n\nFor a SEP-31 Sending Anchor, the `account` field should be used.\n","properties":{"id":{"type":"string","description":"The `id` of the customer registered through SEP-12."},"account":{"type":"string","description":"Either the Stellar account or Muxed account address of the on-chain entity."}}},"transaction_id":{"type":"string"},"created_at":{"type":"string","format":"date-time"}}}}}},"404":{"description":"Not Found.","content":{"application/json":{"schema":{"type":"object","properties":{"error":{"type":"string"},"id":{"type":"string"}},"required":["error"]}}}}},"method":"get","path":"/exchange/quotes/{id}","info":{"version":"2.0.0","title":"Platform API"},"postman":{"name":"Fetch a single quote provided to a client application.","description":{"content":"Only relevant for SEP-38 (used by SEP-31). Fetches the quote that ascreated by a client application using SEP-38's `POST /quote` endpoint.","type":"text/plain"},"url":{"path":["exchange","quotes",":id"],"host":["{{baseUrl}}"],"query":[],"variable":[{"disabled":false,"description":{"content":"(Required) The ID returned as a result of creating the quote via SEP-38's `POST /quote` endpoint.","type":"text/plain"},"type":"any","value":"","key":"id"}]},"header":[{"key":"Accept","value":"application/json"}],"method":"GET"}}

Reviewer: This is not ideal, is this how we have to do it? Aren't we duplicating data between this and the yaml files?

Author: What do you mean? It's auto-generated

sidebar_class_name: "get api-method"
info_path: api/resources/platform-api
custom_edit_url: null
---

import ApiTabs from "@theme/ApiTabs";
import MimeTabs from "@theme/MimeTabs";
import ParamsItem from "@theme/ParamsItem";
import ResponseSamples from "@theme/ResponseSamples";
import SchemaItem from "@theme/SchemaItem";
import SchemaTabs from "@theme/SchemaTabs";
import DiscriminatorTabs from "@theme/DiscriminatorTabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

## Fetch a single quote provided to a client application.

> Only relevant for SEP-38 (used by SEP-31). Fetches the quote that ascreated by a client application using SEP-38's `POST /quote` endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Unless "ascreated" is a word, change to "was created"

> StellarId's are objects that identify end-users and SEP-31 Sending Anchors, but not SEP-31 Receiving Anchors.

Reviewer: The business's deploying the anchor platform are the SEP-31 receivers, so I don't think we need to mention them here. Also, now that we support SEP-24, StellarIds also represent client application's generally (including wallets).
```suggestion
StellarId's are objects that identify end-users and client applications, such as wallets, exchanges, and SEP-31 senders.
```

Author: Currently, we don't use StellarId for SEP-24.

> For a SEP-12 customer, the `id` field should be sufficient to fully identify the customer in the Anchor Backend.

Reviewer: Lets make sure we're not referring to the business as "Anchor" to avoid confusion with the platform itself.

```suggestion
For a SEP-12 customer, the `id` field should be sufficient to fully identify the customer in the business' Backend.
```

For a SEP-31 Sending Anchor, the `account` field should be used.

> </div><SchemaItem collapsible={false} name={"id"} required={false} schemaName={"string"} qualifierMessage={undefined} schema={{"type":"string","description":"The `id` of the customer registered through SEP-12."}}></SchemaItem><SchemaItem collapsible={false} name={"account"} required={false} schemaName={"string"} qualifierMessage={undefined} schema={{"type":"string","description":"Either the Stellar account or Muxed account address of the on-chain entity."}}></SchemaItem></div></details></SchemaItem><SchemaItem collapsible={false} name={"transaction_id"} required={false} schemaName={"string"} qualifierMessage={undefined} schema={{"type":"string"}}></SchemaItem><SchemaItem collapsible={false} name={"created_at"} required={false} schemaName={"date-time"} qualifierMessage={undefined} schema={{"type":"string","format":"date-time"}}></SchemaItem></ul></details></TabItem><TabItem label={"Example (from schema)"} value={"Example (from schema)"}><ResponseSamples responseExample={"{\n  \"id\": \"string\",\n  \"sell_amount\": \"string\",\n  \"sell_asset\": \"string\",\n  \"buy_amount\": \"string\",\n  \"buy_asset\": \"string\",\n  \"expires_at\": \"2023-03-23\",\n  \"price\": \"string\",\n  \"total_price\": \"string\",\n  \"creator\": {\n    \"id\": \"string\",\n    \"account\": \"string\"\n  },\n  \"transaction_id\": \"string\",\n  \"created_at\": \"2023-03-23\"\n}"} language={"json"}></ResponseSamples></TabItem></SchemaTabs></TabItem></MimeTabs></div></TabItem><TabItem label={"404"} value={"404"}><div>

Reviewer: We should be able to develop a jsx component that reads from a file path right? Did you autogenerate this content?

Author: This is how it works 
https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/94/files#diff-1bf4a754c9286275407afcadab70535f0cff763e30111ecdeb733d6b6770f785
